add abiOf to `factory` on invoke (#29)
usecannon/cannon: packages/website/content/docs.md

target = ["PoolFactory"]
func = "deployPool"
factory.MyPoolDeployment.artifact = "Pool"

> # alternatively, if the code for the deployed contractis not available in your artifacts, you can also reference the ABI like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# alternatively, if the code for the deployed contract is not available in your artifacts, you can also reference the ABI like:
```
